The mobile version is great. But the desktop (web) layout is wrong and needs to be fixed to match the approved mockup and branding guidelines.

❌ PROBLEMS WITH CURRENT DESKTOP VERSION
Layout is too narrow

The content is stacked like mobile, even on large screens.

We need a split-screen layout: Lady Justice on the left, form on the right.

Background is wrong

Flat red fill is overpowering the theme.

There is no Lady Justice image present on desktop.

Background gradient and positioning of Lady Justice were lost.

Form is duplicated

There are two "Get the Whitepaper" buttons.

It creates confusion and visual clutter — keep only one clean form.

Wrong button colors

The yellow button is too strong without proper background balance.

Glows don’t match SCETA’s aesthetic. The original deep blue button was better.

Typography and spacing is off

Font sizes feel squished together.

Margins/padding need cleanup so content can breathe.

✅ DESKTOP VERSION SHOULD LOOK LIKE:
✔️ Left half: Lady Justice image full-height, aligned left
✔️ Right half: content container with:

Title

Description

Name/email form

✅ Submit response

PDF auto-download

✔️ Hero section should be two columns (CSS Grid or Flexbox):

css
Copy
Edit
.hero {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr;
  height: 100vh;
}

.hero .left {
  background: url('/lady-justice.png') no-repeat center;
  background-size: cover;
  opacity: 0.25;
}

.hero .right {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  justify-content: center;
  padding: 3rem;
  background-color: #002B5B;
  color: white;
}
🧠 Design Intent Summary:
Lady Justice must glow and subtly guide the eye toward the form

Form should feel secure, modern, and trusted (government/academic)

Mobile is already clean — don’t change that layout

Desktop should match the attached flyer exactly: elegant, powerful, branded

BONUS: Visual Polish Checklist
✅ Font: "DM Serif Display" for titles, "Inter" for body

✅ Lady Justice visible on desktop, hidden or faded out on mobile

✅ Responsive spacing and clean card layout

✅ Only one form

✅ Strong call-to-action button (blue OR gold, not both)

✅ After submit:

Show ✅ success message

Auto-trigger download of:
https://sceta.io/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/V.07.01.Protocol-402-South-Carolinas-Path-to-Monetized-Public-Infrastructure-Innovation.Final_.pdf

This is the final polish. Please align all components accordingly so it looks visually stunning, branded, and responsive on all screen sizes.

Let me know when ready to test.

